Link to finished code pen. 
https://codepen.io/peter-conley/pen/xxdJQeK?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

Code that is descriptive or literally describes its purpose.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

Structuring data/content in a web page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

It's additional information added to an element that we place in between an opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

It's used to markup up a line of text to make it the most important sentence on the page, usually the page title. 
It should be used only once per page. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

The "img" & "a" tags

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

Links to other files, API to fonts, and the page title for SEO.

    7. What is an id? 

A CSS selector meant to only be used once for a unique element. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

All of them.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

Just once. 

    10. What is a class? 

A CSS selector used to style a group of elements over and over. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

All of them.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

Infinite amount of times. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

use the attribute target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

To add descriptive language to the photo (helps with the visually impaired)

    15. How do I reference an id?

#id_name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

A section is a semantic element whereas a div is a more general way to divide content.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

To style a webpage with specific spacing, colors, fonts, etc.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

h2 {
    property: value;
}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

A class is a CSS selector that is used to style multiple elements over and over with the same properties whereas an id should be used only once and is unique to a specific element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

.classname 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

When elements are "nested" or written on top of each other it creates relationships. Parents are the top or first named element and children come after them.
This would be useful when you have a lot of content that needs to be organized in heirarchies. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

a.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

a selector that specifies a special state of that element link hover for links.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

In HTML you can use <bv> but in CSS you can use margin or padding.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

letter-spacing: 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

text-transform: uppercase;
text-transform: lowercase;
text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

border: 1px black dotted;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

The universal selector *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

/* comment goes here*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?

pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

git rm
You have to be careful because it can delete files you don't want deleted.

    34. Why should I use version control? 

It provides historical snapshots of your code. Makes reverting to old versions and editing code much easier.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

About every 20 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

git push -u origin "branch name"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    It's all outlined here: https://www.notion.so/GitFlow-step-by-step-a764163309754e23b1b9c4077b1653cc

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

Inline element is on a single line of text whereas a block element can take up multiple lines.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

It's positioned relative to its nearest element.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

width: auto;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

unsure

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

    The box model establishes the space around each element. Each element has core content, a border, padding, and a margin.
    Flex box is a "fix" for the box model. You can make elements respect space by giving them values of percentages instead of values of pixels. 